RHDEVDOCS-7233: Content creation for GitOps 1.20 release notes (#108608)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/gitops-release-notes-1-20-0.adoc

+
link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/GITOPS-8017[GITOPS-8017]

Enhanced wildcard support for ApplicationSet source namespaces::
With this update, {gitops-title} supports wildcard characters (`*`) in the `.spec.applicationSet.sourceNamespaces` field of the Argo CD custom resource (CR). Use this feature to enable the `ApplicationSets` in any namespace feature for a dynamic group of namespaces by using a single pattern instead of maintaining a static list.
+
link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/GITOPS-8217[GITOPS-8217]

Managed and autonomous agent installation through the Argo CD agent::
With this update, {gitops-title} supports managed and autonomous Argo CD agent installation directly through the Argo CD custom resource (CR). Administrators can configure and deploy Argo CD agents by using the Operator, simplifying agent-based deployments.
+
link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/GITOPS-8164[GITOPS-8164]

> Application destination field mapping for agent-based clusters::

Author: Change the heading, but replaced the word via as we don't use it in tech documentation.

With this update, the Argo CD agent supports destination-based mapping. This mode routes applications to managed agents by using the `.spec.destination.name` field instead of the application namespace. It supports multitenant use cases where teams organize applications in separate namespaces while targeting the same agent. Applications keep their original namespace on the spoke cluster.
+

> To enable destination-based mapping, set the `--destination-based-mapping` flag on both the principal and agent components. On the agent, use the `--create-namespace` flag to allow automatic namespace creation when the application namespace does not exist on the principal.

Reviewer: I think we should suggest using the CR fields instead of the flags. How about this?

```suggestion
To enable destination-based mapping, configure the `destinationBasedMapping` field in the Argo CD CR for both principal and agent components. On the agent, you can optionally set the `createNamespace` field to allow automatic namespace creation if the application namespace does not exist on the spoke cluster.
```

+
--
For more information, see the Additional Resources section, which includes an upstream documentation link for the Argo CD Image Updater.
--
+
--
:FeatureName: The Argo CD Image Updater feature
include::snippets/technology-preview.adoc[]
--
+
link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/GITOPS-8544[GITOPS-8544]

CloudEvents webhook support for AWS ECR in Image Updater (Technology Preview)::
With this update, the Argo CD Image Updater supports a CloudEvents v1.0 webhook handler for AWS Elastic Container Registry (ECR) push events through AWS EventBridge. This approach uses a standard format instead of registry-specific handlers. AWS EventBridge can convert native ECR events to CloudEvents, enabling automated image updates when new images are pushed to ECR registries.
+
--
For more information, see the Additional Resources section, which includes an upstream documentation link for the Argo CD Image Updater.
--
+
--
:FeatureName: The Argo CD Image Updater feature
include::snippets/technology-preview.adoc[]
--
+
link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/GITOPS-8283[GITOPS-8283]

Pod log streaming in agent architecture::

> With this update, users can view pod logs from workload clusters in the control plane when using the Argo CD agent architecture. You can use this to feature enable centralized troubleshooting and remove the need for direct access to workload clusters.

Author: Fixed.

+
link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/GITOPS-7264[GITOPS-7264]

> Web-based terminal support for agent-managed pods::

Reviewer 2: @Dhruv-Soni11 please remove this entry

With this update, the {gitops-title} agent architecture supports web-based terminal access to pods running on workload clusters. You can access container shells from the Argo CD UI, even for remote agent-managed clusters.
+
link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/GITOPS-8129[GITOPS-8129]

OpenTelemetry integration for Argo CD agent::
With this update, the Argo CD agent and principal components integrate with OpenTelemetry for observability. This integration enables distributed tracing and metrics collection, improving visibility into system behavior and performance.
+
link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/GITOPS-8119[GITOPS-8119]

Network policies for core Argo CD components::
With this update, {gitops-title} implements Kubernetes Network Policy resources for all Argo CD workload pods to prevent unnecessary ingress and egress traffic. These network policies directly mitigates risks identified in the {OCP} threat model and ensures a least-privilege network security posture for all Argo CD components.
+

> link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/GITOPS-7787[GITOPS-7787]

Author: Fixed.

+
link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/GITOPS-7391[GITOPS-7391]

Argo CD progressive sync with ordered deletion::
With this update, Argo CD progressive sync supports removing applications in a specific order during deletion operations. Previously, Argo CD removed all applications in parallel. This update allows administrators to configure the deletion order to avoid dependency issues or service disruptions.
+
link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/GITOPS-6250[GITOPS-6250]

Automatic cleanup of orphaned roles and role bindings::
With this update, the {gitops-title} Operator implements a safety mechanism that identifies namespaces containing orphaned Operator roles and automatically reapplies the tracking label. When a namespace is removed from `.spec.sourceNamespaces` or `.spec.applicationSet.sourceNamespaces`, the {gitops-title} Operator cleans up related resources to ensure consistent resource management.
+
link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/GITOPS-8537[GITOPS-8537]

Argo Rollouts kubectl plugin binaries::

> With this update, the Argo Rollouts kubectl plugin (CLI) binaries are built and released through Konflux for multiple platforms. The binaries are provided as standalone executables and are not packaged as RPMs. Use the binaries for direct access to the Argo Rollouts CLI to enable progressive delivery workflows.

Reviewer 3: Can we provide a reference to the download link or documentation here?

+
link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/GITOPS-5038[GITOPS-5038]

Operator base image migration to UBI Minimal::

> With this update, the {gitops-title} Operator and operand images use the UBI Minimal base image to reduce CVE exposure and improve security posture. This change is applicable to all images targeting {OCP} 4.21 or later.

Author: Fixed.

> With this update, the {gitops-title} Operator and operand images use the UBI 9 Minimal base image to reduce CVE exposure and improve security posture. This change applies to all images targeting {OCP} 4.21 or later. The image suffix changes from `rhel8` to `rhel9`. No action is required during upgrades. However, if you use external automation or scripts that reference these images, update them to match the new suffix.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
With this update, the {gitops-title} Operator and operand images use the UBI 9 Minimal base image to reduce CVE exposure and improve security posture. The image suffix changes from `rhel8` to `rhel9`. No action is required during upgrades. However, if you use external automation or scripts that reference these images, update them to match the new suffix.
```

Lets drop version statement which is not true. The change applies to all supported OCP versions by the operator.
